People's Bank of China won't change its name if it doesn't change its gender,
The Li family's crime is unclear.
You are not dead.
You said this, since someone wants to kill me,
I answer every request. I will die,
Make everyone happy.
After all, the emperor gave too much money,
I came here with my heart in mind. You came here to prove it,
Palace, you are not afraid that this will kill you.
Are you not blind? It's not a big deal.
Even if it means he can't protect you.
You are right. So I arranged for 30,000 people to be sent to the south of the province outside the city.
I have no choice but to give it to my father-in-law.
I only wanted 5,000 and he gave me 30,000.
I really need to contact the outside world.
ensure safety
What if Tefu Rabbit doesn’t have my contact information?
What will my father-in-law do?
Then I don't know
Tell me about your position in the palace
Only ten thousand people
I don’t know if I can beat the party or live with my iron rabbit.
Sure enough, a hero comes from a boy
Don't dare to fight. Don't dare to fight. Don't dare to fight.
He is indeed Li Ming’s son-in-law. Thank you.
But you can lose weight
There are still more than 200,000 troops
you have you have
But is it useful?
Your army of more than 200,000 people is scattered in various places.
Will you find them now?
Come here to force me to be an outsider.
Do you think we investigated clearly?
What do you call nobles of the Qing Dynasty?
The right place
I just want this commander to give His Majesty a chance.
Your Majesty, don't be ignorant